*** START OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK 64665 ***

An Exciting New Year’s Day in Jungletown

[Illustration]




                       AN EXCITING NEW YEAR’S DAY
                              IN JUNGLETOWN

                             [Illustration]

                                  _By_
                           BEULAH MARY CROCKER
                            JANUARY 22, 1910

                     PRESS OF HAHN & HARMON COMPANY
                               MINNEAPOLIS

                           Copyright, 1910, by
                           WILLIAM G. CROCKER




AN EXCITING NEW YEAR’S DAY IN JUNGLETOWN


The first of January dawned bright and clear, much to the gratification
of the inhabitants of Jungletown, for King Leo had decreed that various
sporting contests should take place on Monkey Hill. There were to be foot
races on skis and snow shoes, snow ball encounters and toboggan races.
In fact, almost every kind of winter sport was to be indulged in, with
the exception of skating, for the king was averse to that amusement, and
never included it in his entertainments.

[Illustration]

All the animals, from the very big bear down to the little squirrel, ever
since the day for the sports had been set, had looked forward to it, with
eager anticipation and joy, and had worked busily, getting things in
readiness, for much was accomplished before the eventful day arrived.

First, there had to be a space cleared for the spectators, with a special
tract set aside for the king and his friends; then the making of a fine
slide for the tobogganers, and the marking of the bounds for the foot
races. Moreover, each family provided a full lunch basket, so the mothers
and daughters were also busy planning what they should cook.

[Illustration]

Finally, when the day came, all was ready. Most families had even packed
the food the day before. So it happened that quite early in the morning
a large crowd had gathered on Monkey Hill. Not only all the citizens of
Jungletown, itself, and their families were there, but also animals,
whose homes were many miles away, had come to see the fun.

[Illustration]

Thus, when one o’clock, the hour set for the races to commence, came, the
hill was simply alive with elephants, giraffes, bears, wolves, foxes,
monkeys, ’possums, coons, squirrels, and many other animals, besides the
relatives of the king, lions, tigers and leopards.

Then the jolly, good time began, and what a glorious afternoon they all
had. The ski race, between the bears and the squirrels, came first, and
was very exciting, for, although the squirrels were much smaller than the
bears, they were so much lighter on their feet, and could manage their
skis better, that they won the race.

[Illustration: Then the Jolly, Good Time Began.]

Next came the equally animated snow shoe race, between the elephants
and giraffes, the latter winning in the end. After the foot races were
finished, there were snow fights between different parties, and then
the time came for the toboggan races to begin. They aroused even more
excitement than any of the previous contests, but were also the cause of
a serious accident.

[Illustration]

All went well, until the last load of tobogganers, composed of monkeys,
’possums and squirrels, had started down the hill. Suddenly, as the
toboggan was skimming along the slide, at a rapid rate of speed, a
screech was heard from behind, and Jack ’Possum looked around to see
a poor squirrel lying on the ground, several yards back, seemingly
senseless. The little fellow had been at the end, and when the toboggan
gave a slight lurch, as it passed over an uneven place in the slide, he
lost his balance and fell backward.

[Illustration]

[Illustration: Dr. Lion Ordered Him Carried to the Nearest House.]

As soon as the accident had been discovered the race was stopped, and a
crowd gathered about him. For a time, some thought him dead. However,
when Sir Thomas Lion, a cousin of the king, and a very prominent
physician in Jungletown, reached his side, he found one leg broken, but
said the squirrel was not otherwise injured, except temporarily stunned
by the fall. Dr. Lion ordered him carried to the nearest house, which
happened to be that of two nice, old maid bears. There the doctor set his
leg, and soon afterward he regained consciousness.

[Illustration]

Next a search was made for his father and mother, but none of the
squirrels present at the races claimed any relationship to him. In the
course of a few days he told the two old bears that he was an orphan, and
had come many miles to see the sporting contests.

Now these bears were very kind hearted, and they felt very sorry for the
little homeless creature, and soon became very fond of him, and he of
them. So, when the day came that he was able to go, they, all three, went
to the Jungletown Court, and the bears legally adopted him.

[Illustration: The Bears Legally Adopted Him.]

From that time on, Tommy Squirrel always had a very comfortable home and
two, dear friends, in these old maid bears. While they never ceased to be
grateful that the toboggan accident, the day of the sporting contests,
had been the means of their finding a very obedient and loving little
charge.

[Illustration]

*** END OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK 64665 ***
